THIS DEVICE IS POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS. IT IS NOT A TOY.

YOU CAN BE SERIOUSLY INJURED OR EVEN KILLED BY NOT FOLLOWING THESE INSTRUCTIONS.

YOU MUST READ ALL OF THESE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO OPERATE OR PROGRAM
THE TURRET.

We are not responsible for your stupidity, and if you don't read this, you are
stupid.

First off, ALWAYS wear appropriate eye protection when the turret is plugged
in. Do NOT allow anyone to be in the room with the weapon powered that is not
wearing appropriate eye-protection. It only takes one slip-up to lose an eye.
Futhermore, ensure that nothing is in the room that you are not okay with
shooting, including computers, TVs, etc.

The plastic pellets have a high-tendency to ricochet off of items. Do not
assume you are safe simply because you are standing behind the turret. It 
IS SAFE to be fired at by the weapon, provided you are wearing eye protection.

Additionally, this is an electrical device with exposed wiring. Avoid plugging
things in or touching any wiring components while the turret is connected to
any sort of power supply. Although most areas of the device are using only low
voltage levels, there are parts (especially near the power supply that) can be
powerful enough to hurt you.

If you choose to reprogram or rewire the turret to modify it or add additional
features, be SURE that you know what you are doing, or consult with someone who
does. It is very easy to accidentally fry something on the controller.

We have included a safety on the turret. It is on when the turret is first
powered up, and can be reactivated by the user, or by various conditions.
If the laser is on, the weapon is ARMED and the safty is OFF. If the laser is
off, the safty is engaged, but as with any other gun, don't put anything in
front of it that you don't want to get shot. The safety is merely an added
level of protection - do not rely on it to keep you safe on it's own.

Even if all of these instructions are followed, there still may be some small
inherent risk of using this device. Be aware, think, and act responsibly.

